Salesforce Composite Request Usecases:

1. The Implementation Use Case 1 Highlights-->
         a) User wants to create a Product in Salesforce Org,associate one or more Distribution Centre for the newly created Product.
         b) Update Inventory with newly added Product and Distribution Centre Details .
         c) Update Content Version Details for each Product.
         d) Same set of Category and Collection of Product is treated as duplicate under same Product Brand ,the name of each distribution Centre has to be unique across the composite request.

2. The Implementation Use Case 2 Highlights -->
         a) Once a user wants to create an acocunt in Salesforce Org , it is mandatory to create and associate a contact with it .Without contact being created the account creation will not be successful .
         c) One user account can be associated with multiple contacts and same contact can be reused across multiple accounts.
         d) Once the user creates the Account with one contact details , there can be scenarios where they want to update any of the details within the contact (homeaddress/email/phone), once this update request is received , all the associated accounts with this 
          contact needs to be updated with new request value.


Salesforce Composite  Graph Request Usecases:

1. The Implementation Use Case 2 Highlights -->
         a) Once a user wants to create an acocunt in Salesforce Org , it is mandatory to create and associate a contact with it .Without contact being created the account creation will not be successful .
         c) One user account can be associated with multiple contacts and same contact can be reused across multiple accounts.
         d) Once the user creates the Account with one contact details , there can be scenarios where they want to update any of the details within the contact (homeaddress/email/phone), once this update request is received , all the associated accounts with this 
          contact needs to be updated with new request value.


Salesforce composite batch request Usecases - 
1. Insert or Update (Upsert) a Record Using an External ID (serialNumber__c) for Quote__c (using the sObject Rows by External ID resource)
2. Create a QueryAll request for all the created Quote__c objects
3. Gets a record based on the specified object Quote__c and record ID
4. Search for a specific Quote__c record based on a Quote__c serialNumber__c.